I'm thinking. 
You have any idea how long it takes for those things to decompose? 
Dad, don't start. 
Three years. 
Look who's talking healthy. 
Checkmate.  See you tomorrow, Dad. 
It was turned on.  I was ignoring you.  What's the big emergency? 
Damn it, Marty.  There's a reason we have bins labeled "recycle." 
What the hell is this? 
Did you try to switch to transponder channels? 
Let's retrofit the dish to another satellite. 
That's impossible. 
There's good news and bad news. 
You're in meal penalty for disturbing my lunch. 
No.  The good news is I found the problem and it's not our equipment.  There's some weird signal embedded within the satellite feed. 
Yes, because the analog signal has a definite sequential digital patterns embedded within it.  When I find the exact binary sequence and I apply a phase reversed signal to that calculated spectra analyzer I built you last Christmas, we should be able to block out the overlay completely... 
I've got a lock on the signal pattern.  We can filter it out. 
Strange thing is, if my calculations are right it'll be gone in approximately seven hours anyway.  The signal reduces itself every time it recycles. Eventually it will disappear.  Are you listening? 
What re you talking about? 
No way, I've got to see this. 
My God.  The signal. 
Tell her to get the kids and leave town. 
Just do it! 
Remember I told you that the signal hidden within our satellite signal is slowly recycling down to extinction. 
That signal.  It's a countdown. 
Think.  It's like in chess.  First you strategically position your pieces.  Then, when the timing's right.  You strike. 
They are positioning themselves all over the world and using this one signal to synchronize their efforts.  In approximately six hours the signal will disappear and the countdown will be over. 
Checkmate. 
You have to leave the White House. 
You don't understand.  You have to leave Washington. 
I've worked with embedded loading. They're communicating with a hidden signal.  They're going to attack... 
It's not paranoia.  The embedding is very subtle.  It's probably been overlooked... 
Pops! 
You still got the Olds? 
That's okay.  You're driving. 
Can't this thing go any faster? 
They don't know this. 
Dad... 
This, pops, is every phone book in America. 
She always keeps her portable phone listed, for emergencies. Sometimes it's just her first initial, sometime her nickname... 
Nice driving, pops! 
I just haven't found it yet.  I tried C. Halbrook, Connie Halbrook, Spunky Halbrook... 
College nickname. 
She didn't take my name when we were married. 
Perfect, she's using it. 
Yes.  I can use he signal to triangulate her exact position in the White House. 
All cable repairmen can. 
Connie, don't hang up. 
Walk to the window.  Right in front of you. 
Fifty six minutes, forty five seconds. 
I want you to leave with us. Right now. 
He's not going to listen to me. 
Because last time I saw him I punched him in the face. 
He wasn't the President then. 
It's about "Line o sight," Mr. President... 
...If you wanted t coordinate with ships all over the world, you couldn't send one signal to every place at the same time.  That's called line of sight... 
...you'd need to relay your signal using satellites... 
...to reach each ship.  I have found a signal hidden inside our own satellite network. 
Mr. President, they are using our own satellites against us and the clock is ticking. 
Moishe, please, don't talk. 
You can't be seriously considering firing nuclear weapons? 
If you fire nukes, so will the rest of the world.  Do you know what that kind of fall out will do?  How many innocent people... 
This is insanity!  You'll kill us and them at the same time. There'll be nothing left! 
Dad, please... 
What kind of other means?  Hand signals, body language? 
All I did was stumble onto their signal.  I don't know how helpful I can be... 
Someone grab my laptop for me? 
Maybe. 
These patterns here, they're repeating sequentially, just like... 
...their countdown signal.  Their using this frequency for computer communications.  It's how they co- ordinate their ships. 
Just my luck, no ice. 
A toast to the end of the world. 
You still believe in him. 
Better be.  You left me for him. 
I was part of something special. 
I'm making a mess. 
We've gotta burn the rain forest, Pops.  Dump toxic waste, pollute the air, rip up the ozone.  Maybe if we screw this planet up enough they won't want it anymore. 
Pops, you're a genius! 
A cold?  Of course. 
Could anyone please step back away from the craft? 
Lt. Mitchell, would you mind drawing your pistol? 
From where you're standing, do you think you could shoot that can off the alien craft? 
Sorry 'bout that.  You see, it's protected by the craft's shields. We can't penetrate their defenses. 
My point is if we can't beat their defenses, then we must get around them. 
Lt. Mitchell, would you please try to shoot it again? 
I gave it a cold. 
More accurately, I gave it a virus.  A computer virus. 
Just as they used our satellites against us, we can use their own signal against them. 
If we plant the virus directly into the mother ship, it would then filter down into all the corresponding ships below. 
We'll have to fly their craft out of our atmosphere and dock with the mother ship. 
We can enter here, upload the virus and set off an explosion that could disable it.  This would disorient the smaller ship below and buy you some time to take them out. 
Once they discover the virus it could be a matter of minutes. 
Remove the clamps! 
Any other questions? 
I'll see how they're doing with the radio transmitter. 
We'll meet you there. 
We'll be well on our way out of there before we shoot that thing off. 
Then cross your fingers the shields go down. 
If anything goes wrong I'll have to think quickly, adjust the signal, who knows? 
You know how I'm always trying to save the planet.  This is my chance. 
Thanks, Pops. 
I have a confession to make.  I'm not real big on flying. 
What the hell are you doing? 
That's it.  Head straight for it. 
I was counting on that.  They're bringing us in. 
Must be thousands of them.  What are they doing? 
These things are fully equipped. Reclining bucket seats, power windows... 
We're in! 
The virus is in.  All we can do now is pray. 
Get us out of here! 
It's not me.  They're overriding the system. 
Check and mate. 
Funny, I always thought things like these would kill me. 
You as well. 
Not a chance in hell. 
Doesn't matter.  Game's over. 
Did it work? 
So you two dig up dinosaurs? 
Chaotician, actually!  Chaotician! 
John doesn't subscribe to Chaos, particularly what it has to say about his little science project! 
I certainly have!  Very clearly!  Because of the behavior of the system in phase space! 
John, John. 
Dr. Grant, Dr. Sattler -- you've heard of Chaos Theory? 
No?  Non-linear equations?  Strange attractions? Dr. Sattler, I refuse to believe that you are not familiar with the concept of attraction! 
You did it.  You crazy son of a bitch, you did it. 
Don't you mean "extinct"? 
Not without massive sequence gaps! 
Surely not the ones that have bred in the wild? 
How do you know they can't breed? 
But again, how do you know they're all female?  Does someone go into the park and, uh  - - lift up the dinosaurs' skirts? 
John, the kind of control you're attempting is not possible.  If there's one thing the history of evolution has taught us, it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free.  It expands to new territories.  It crashes through barriers.  Painfully, maybe even.. dangerously, but and...well, there it is. 
I'm simply saying that life - - finds a way. 
That's right.  Will break through. 
I know, it's very exciting. 
And scary. 
It's anti-nature. 
The lack of humility before nature that's been displayed here staggers me. 
Yes, I know.  They're a lot worse. 
Don't you see the danger, John, inherent in what you're doing here?  Genetic power is the most awesome force ever seen on this planet.  But you wield it like a kid who's found his dad's gun. 
If I may....	It is hardly appropriate to start hurling Excuse me, excuse me - -	generalizations before - - I'll tell you. 
The problem with scientific power you've used is it didn't require any discipline to attain it.  You read what others had done and you took the next step.  You didn't earn the knowledge yourselves, so you don't take the responsibility for it.  You stood on the shoulders of geniuses to accomplish something as fast as you could, and before you knew what you had, you patented it, packages it, slapped in on a plastic lunch box, and now you want to sell it. 
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.  Science can create pesticides, but it can't tell us not to use them.  Science can make a nuclear reactor, but it can't tell us not to build it! 
Hold on - - this is no species that was obliterated by deforestation or the building of a dam.  Dinosaurs had their shot.  Nature selected them for extinction. 
There's nothing that great about discovery. What's so great about discovery?  It's a violent, penetrative act that scars what it explores.  What you call discovery I call the rape of the natural world! 
I'll ride with Dr. Sattler. I'm going to ride with Dr. Sattler. 
God creates dinosaurs.  God destroys dinosaurs.  God creates man.  Man destroys God.  Man creates dinosaurs. 
Now, eventually you do plan to have dinosaurs on your dinosaur tour, right? 
You see?  The tyrannosaur doesn't obey set patterns or park schedules.  It's the essence of Chaos. 
It simply deals with unpredictability in complex systems.  It's only principle is the Butterfly Effect. A butterfly can flap its wings in Peking and in Central Park you get rain instead of sunshine. 
I made a fly by, I go too fast. 
Here.  Give me your glass of water. 
Make like hieroglyphics.  Now watch the way the drop of water falls on your hand. 
Ready?  Freeze your hand.  Now I'm going to do the same thing from the exact same place.  Which way is the drop going to roll off? Which way will the drop roll?  Over which finger?  Or down your thumb?  Or to the other side? 
It changed.  Why? Okay, back over your wrist. Because and here is the principle of tiny variations - - the orientations of the hairs - - 
- - on your hand, the amount of blood distending in your vessels, imperfections in the skin - - 
Microscopic - - never repeat, and vastly affect the outcome.  That's what? 
And even if we haven't seen it yet, I'm quite sure it's going on in this park right now. 
Life's a lot like that, isn't it?  You meet someone by chance you'll never meet again, and the course of your whole future changes.  It's dynamic - - its exciting - - I think. 
There, there see?!  I'm right again! 
No one could have predicted Dr. Grant would suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle! 
There's another example! 
See?  Here I am now, by myself, talking to myself - - that's Chaos Theory!  What the hell am I doing here? I'm the only one who knows what's going on, etc, etc.... 
Dino droppings? 
That is one big pile of shit. 
to Grant) She's, uh - - tenacious. 
to Ellie) You will remember to wash your hands before you eat anything? 
Me?  Oh, hell yes.  Three. I love 'em.  I love kids.  Anything at all can and does happen. 
Same with wives, for that matter. 
Occasionally.  Always on the lookout for the future ex- Mrs. Malcolm. 
By the way, Dr. Sattler - she's not like, uh, available, is she? - - 
Why?  Oh, I'm sorry.  Are you two, uh - - are?  I wish you the best luck. 
You haven't touched didn't touch anything.  We're stopping. We've stopped. 
Machines hate you? 
You want to talk about this? 
The kids okay? 
Kids get scared. 
I didn't say I was scared. 
I know. 
When you gotta go, you gotta go. 
What was that all about?  - - 
Boy, do I hate being right all the time. 
You're sure?! 
Oh my God! 
What?  What can we do? 
Remind me to talk John for a lovely weekend. 
Please - - chance it. 
Where are the kids? 
strange.  He looks down, at the one of the T-rex footprints in the road.  It's filled with water. 
Uh - - anybody?  Anybody hear that? 
are getting bigger now. 
It's a - - an impact tremor is what it is, it, uh - - 
I'm fairly alarmed here! 
Gotta move, gotta get out of here.  Let's go - we gotta go, we gotta get out of here, right now!  Go, go!  Let's hurry, let's get out of here! 
Move now!  Let's go, let's go, right now, right now! 
GOGOGOGOGOGOGOGOGOGO! 
Must go faster, it's getting closer - must go faster! 
Must go faster, go, go.  Open it up, 5th gear, 5th gear! Here it comes!  Stand on it!  Fifth - stand on it, 5th gear, go! 
Think they'll have that on the tour? 
How soon before they become comatose? 
How long before they slip into unconsciousness? 
That'll - it'd be a first; man and dinosaur all die together.  John's plan. 
You're all right, John You're okay.  It's just you don't have intelligence.  You have "thinktelligence."  You think narrowly and call it "being focused."  You don't see the consequences.  You're very good at solving problems, at getting answers - - but you just don't know the right questions. 
Yes? 
Yes. It's not a criticism, by the way. 
It's not working. 
Wait a minute?  What do you mean "worked"?  Everything is still off! 
But, John.  But if the Pirates of the Caribbean breaks down, the pirates don't eat the tourists. 
maintenance shed that's spread out in front of them.  Hammond clutches the radio in his hand, almost praying to it. 
John. just have her follow the main cable - - 
Ellie?!  Look above you - - there should be a large bundle of cable and pipes all leading in the same direction!  Follow that! 
He's wonderful. It is a he? 
Yeah. I love when you come to visit 142, you bring me the best stuff. Whenever we get to talking, Topaz, about Scrapper 142...what do I always say? "She is the..." and it starts with a B. 
No, not trash. Were you waiting just to call her that? It doesn't start with a "B." 
I'm so sorry. No, "best." I was thinking about "best." Because I always say you're the best. She brought me my precious beloved Champion, you know. 
What have you brought today?    Tell me. 
I need to go closer. I want a closer look at this. Can you take us closer? Thank you. 
Pay this lady. 
Man.   He is a fighter. 
For heaven's sake, transfer the units. 
Here's what I wanna know.    Who are you? 
Wow. I didn't hear any thunder, but out of your fingers, was that like...sparkles? 
Oh good! Yeah, come on. I think you're gonna like this. 
There he is. Hey, cuz. We almost couldn't find you. What, have you been hiding? 
So... 
Carlo... I pardon you. 
You're officially pardoned...from life. 
I'm stepping in it. I'm stepping in it. Look out! 
What does it smell like? 
What happened to my manners? I haven't properly introduced myself. Come on. Follow me. 
My name is Grandmaster. I preside over a little harlequinade called the Contest of Champions. People come from far and wide to unwillingly participate in it. And you, my friend, might just be part of the new cast. What do you say to that? 
Ass-gard? One, two, three, four. 
What are you whispering about? 
Time works real different around these parts. 
On any other world, I'd be like, millions of years old. But here on Sakaar... 
In any case, you know this... You call yourself Lord of Thunder? 
Is he any kind of a fighter? 
Now listen to that. He's threatening me. Hey, Sparkles, here's the deal. If you wanna get back to Ass-place, Assberg... 
Any contender who defeats my champion, their freedom they shall win. 
That's what I call, contender! Direction would be this way, Lord. 
Wow! Look at all of you. What a show, WHAT-A-NIGHT! Who's having fun? Please, I'm your host. Big round of applause for all of our undercard competitors... who died so gruesomely. Good sports. What a show! What a night! This is what you've come for and so have I. And now, without further ado... it's main event time!! Making his first appearance, though he looks quite promising, got a couple of tricks up his sleeve. I'll say no more, see what you think. Ladies and gentlemen... I give to you...Lord of Thunder! 
Watch out for his fingers. They make sparks. 
Okay, this is it. Let's get ready to welcome this guy. Here he comes. He is a creature. What can we say about him? Well, he's unique. There's none like him. I feel a special connection with him. 
He's undefeated. HE'S THE REIGNING...HE'S THE DEFENDING... Ladies and gentlemen... I give you... 
Hey, hey, hey! Where are you going? 
Here we go. 
What? 
It's bad news, bad news today. 
Sakaar, hear ye. Attention please. I have some bad news. My beloved, exalted Champion has turned up missing. Take to the streets. Celebrate my champion. 
It seems that that criminally seductive Lord of Thunder has stolen him away. 
I'm upset! I'm very upset. You know what I like about being upset? Blame. Right now, that's the mindset that I'm in. And you know who I'm blaming? 
Hey! Don't interrupt me! 
Why are you handing me the melt stick? He was interrupting. That's not a capital violation. My precious champion has come up missing and its all because of that Lord of Thunder. It's all because of him. YOUR brother. Whatever the story is. Adopted, or complicated. I'm sure there's a big history. And YOUR contender. 
You know what? I woke up this morning thinking about a public execution. But for now, I'll settle for this sweet little "who's gonna get him first?" So you're on the clock. 
Revolution? How did this happen? 
Oh! I don't like that word! 
No. Why would I not like "mainframe?" No, the "S" word. 
Okay, that's better. 
Loyal Sakaarians, Lord of Thunder has stolen my ship and my favorite champion. Sakaarians, take to the skies. Bring him down. Do not let him leave this planet. 
It's MY BIRTHDAY! It's MY BIRTHDAY! It's MY BIRTHDAY. 
